{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This project focus on the two popular receptor models in atmospheric science, i.e., potential source contribution function (PSCF) and contraction weighted trajectory (CWT).\
Three documents can be found in this project. They can help you read the HYSPLIT backward trajectories, run PSCF model and CWT model.\
\
To better understand the the influence of the air mass origin on particle number concentration and cloud condensation nuclei concentration (could also be applied to PM1, PM10 and other parameters), we applied receptor model to obtain information on the air mass history. There are two popular methods are used often in recent work, i.e., potential source contribution function (PSCF) and concentration weighted trajectory (CWT).\
\
The PSCF is a receptor modelling method that is based on air mass back trajectories. Originally it was developed by Ashbaugh et al. (1985) and was previously applied in numerous studies. This model is commonly used to identify regions that have the potential to contribute to high values of measured concentrations at a receptor site.\
\
In the current PSCF method, grid cells having the same PSCF values can result from samples\
of slightly higher than the criterion concentrations or extremely high concentrations. As a\
result, larger sources can not be distinguished from moderate sources. According to this\
problem, a method of weighting trajectories with associated concentrations (CWT -\
concentration weighted trajectory) was developed (Hsu et. al, 2003). In this procedure, each\
grid cell gets a weighted concentration obtained by averaging sample concentrations that\
have associated trajectories that crossed that grid cell.\
\
\
References:\
\
Ashbaugh, L. L., Malm, W. C., and Sadeh, W. Z. (1985). A residence time probability analysis of sulfur concentrations at grand Canyon National Park, Atmos. Environ., 19, 1263\'961270.\
\
Hsu, Y-K; Holsen, M.T. & Hopke, K.P. (2003). Comparison of hybrid receptor models to\
locate PCB sources in Chicago. Atmospheric Environment, 37, 545-562.}